James 4091 Ability to explore channels + Traffic shapping (#2517)
apache/james-project: docs/modules/servers/partials/operate/webadmin.adoc

- 204: the certificate is reloaded
- 400: Invalid request

=== Listing connected users

....

> curl -XDELETE /servers/connectedUsers

Author: ```suggestion
curl -XGET /servers/connectedUsers
```

....

Will return a list of users having channels opened on the server:

....
[
    "alice@domain.tld",
    "bob@domain.tld"
]
....

=== Listing channels of a user

....
curl -XGET /servers/channels/bob@domain
....

Will return a description and statistics for channels of a user:

....
[
    {
        "protocol": "IMAP",
        "endpoint": "imapserver",
        "remoteAddress": "127.0.0.1",
        "connectionDate": "2024-11-21T10:46:37.476425406Z",
        "isActive": true,
        "isOpen": true,
        "isWritable": true,
        "isEncrypted": false,
        "username": "bob@domain",
        "protocolSpecificInformation": {
            "loggedInUser": "bob@domain",
            "isCompressed": "false",
            "selectedMailbox": "1",
            "isIdling": "false",
            "requestCount": "3",
            "userAgent": "{name=Thunderbird, version=102.7.1}",
            "cumulativeWrittenBytes": "448",
            "cumulativeReadBytes": "103",
            "liveReadThroughputBytePerSecond": "0",
            "liveWriteThroughputBytePerSecond": "0"
        }
    }
]
....

=== Listing all channels

....
curl -XGET /servers/channels
....

> Will return a description and statistics for channels of a user:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Will return a description and statistics for channels of all users:
```
